Doctor Miao doesn't need a woman like you to say
In his eyes, there is only money and power
For power
He can sell his soul
Sell your body
In his eyes, anything can be sold
But this woman talks
Really, I'm sick.
Ye Longyuan, you are really not a man
In the past, you ate Qianjiao's soft rice
Not only do I not understand the hard work of Qianjiao
He also accused him of being only interested in money
Now Qianjiao is kind enough to save you, but you scold him
I have never met a man as incompetent as you
Is this your place to speak?
The three views of the God of War in Kunlun Temple are not correct
Black and white
I saw that the title of God of War should be withdrawn.
How dare you!
This God of War is not something you, a piece of trash, can blame
Be kind enough to be a donkey liver and lung
No need to speak to him anymore
He doesn't even know how he died today
Xiao Lingtian, have you thought it through?
This is the Tianmen Banquet
If you dare to do it
must die
Return to the Xiao family and become the young master
Inherit the Xiao family business
This is the wealth you can't earn in a few lifetimes.
Oh, then I will destroy your Xiao family today
I still accept all of this from you
Hahaha
Little brat
Just because you want to destroy all the forces of my Xiao family
Except for the national football team and the Lord God under the sky
No one can destroy all the forces of my Xiao family
You're quite right.
I think it's time too
The head of the family is not good
All the properties of my Xiao family in the building
All suffered a devastating blow
The capital chain is completely cut off
Our Xiao family is about to go bankrupt.
My Xiao family survived during everyone's time
How could it possibly go bankrupt?
How is that possible?
If we not only have no money in our account now
It still owes hundreds of billions of dollars in foreign debt
That's not possible.